ah yeah come kiss mommy mm-hmm all right
bye everybody
love you too hey it's me Destin welcome
back to smarter every day I'm at YouTube
headquarters here in San Bruno
California and we're gonna learn about
two things today
first last week's video I gave you some
explosive high-speed video and I asked
you to analyze it a French speaking
guide and a mr. DuPont did it he created
a simulation and you can actually see
that the blast waves bounce off the
bottle on the inside and they coalesce
to create a region of low pressure and
if you overlay the high-speed imagery it
perfectly matches and you can see that
that's where the low pressure is created
that's where you get cavitation so if
you want to see his model and his math
go look at the link in the description
he actually did all the work it's
amazing I've been invited to YouTube
headquarters today for YouTube EDU they
have all these great educators from all
over YouTube and they invited me as well
we're gonna take a behind-the-scenes
tour of what it's like here at YouTube
headquarters with Brady and also we're
going to go introduce you to a lot of
really cool people all right let's check
it out so the thing is I need to check
the number of a lifetime that's my fault
this is who I'm Hank who are you I am
Hank never heard of ya well yeah
Hank does a video show called scishow
this what is that this is a shape memory
alloy there you pull okay now we're
gonna bend it and then just wad it up
we've ruined our spring oh why did you
do that if we only had another science
youtuber oh well there's a math one
that's by heart
I don't count theirs oh hey check it out
Henry minutephysics if we only had
somebody that had like five channel oh
it's Brady hug what a Destin what are
you doing oh I don't know hey company
this matchbook if you would you know
what there's a grill over there is it
that's amazing I've never seen anything
like it
that's incredible how did you do that
there are some things to keep this hot
pull that up I used our github okay
there I need that
but we hold that and believe you
actually stole some sternum so it takes
a little bit but just watch whoa that's
witchcraft so this is my trick meta PBS
idea Channel pretty awesome even has the
would you say that's a norm Abrams beard
oh you know I'm norm Abrams a little bit
and I think I would need a hat to rock
group six but that's your own gurney
this is Destin with Bruce thanks for
making a collaboration video before
veritasium
we're going to a special place with
Brady this is not happening it's against
the rules can we do it there we go okay
there's a slot at the YouTube office and
it's about that
this is Angela and we're about to race
Angela put on the whole evu things but
but right now we're just racing
I don't think stairs I just took the
slide all the time all the time all
right we're gonna race or how we're
gonna do this yeah you wanna count oh
yeah one two three that's her job that's
her job it's crazy
Brandi you doing it do it with a camera
so we get Logan from Ted Edie he's gonna
make some videos soon where you have
questions for smarter every day videos
all that really matters right now is
he's about to get beat on a slide this
is uncool runnings finds spy the track
dry Oh champion so you can have you can
have your pet here with you can have
your document do they even have shuttles
where people can ride with their dogs to
work I'm serious
so that people other people reject don't
have to wreck it them have some Daisy oh
my god as a Japanese sheep are you
what are you doing there's even a tiki
bar oh man
snacks that's nice
how's that baby that's good that's
really actually I stand most of the time
I have a standing desk yeah yes that is
a puffy naps
it's better for you yeah I know tickle -
I like trinkets on desks you know what
I'll take you guys are cool with
Facebook messages I have the cards to
build the settlement now haha deep in
thought Harlan Settlers of Catan is
intense
oh yeah okay again yeah Oh
I don't think you understand what's
happening here
I know no you really don't I want to or
or nothing and you have nothing again
this is not my problem I said do you
would have a pregnant okay big thanks to
Angela everything on howdy
thank you so much